website/pages/with-vuepress.mdx, before:

import SEO from '../components/SEO'
import { CodeGroup, CodeTab } from '~/components/code'

<SEO
  title="Using UI with Vuepress"
  description="Getting started with Chakra UI and Vuepress"
/>

# Usage with Vuepress

If you use Vuepress, you can extend your theme to install Chakra globally using Vuepress's [theme inheritance](https://vuepress.vuejs.org/theme/inheritance.html).

<carbon-ad />

## Installation

Install Chakra UI Vue and its peer dependency, `@emotion/css`

<br/>

<CodeGroup lang="bash">
  <CodeTab label="Yarn">
    yarn add @chakra-ui/vue @emotion/css
  </CodeTab>
  <CodeTab label="NPM">
    npm install @chakra-ui/vue @emotion/css
  </CodeTab>
</CodeGroup>

## Usage

### Extend Your Theme

First create a `theme` folder in your .vuepress directory and extend you Vuepress theme in your `theme/index.js` file.

```js
module.exports = {
  extend: '@vuepress/theme-default' // whichever vuepress theme you use
}
```

### Add Chakra's Global Mixins

Add the Chakra UI providers in your `theme/enhanceApp.js` file as shown.

```js
import Chakra, { internalIcons, defaultTheme, parsePackIcons } from '@chakra-ui/vue'
import { faHandHoldingHeart } from '@fortawesome/free-solid-svg-icons'

export default ({
  Vue, // the version of Vue being used in the VuePress app
  options, // the options for the root Vue instance
  router, // the router instance for the app
  siteData, // site metadata
  isServer // is this enhancement applied in server-rendering or client
}) => {
  Vue.use(Chakra)
  Vue.mixin({
    provide () {
      return {
        $chakraTheme: () => defaultTheme,
        $chakraColorMode: () => this.colorMode,
        $toggleColorMode: this.toggleColorMode,
        // icons must be parsed and spread into the icons provider to be available globally
        $chakraIcons: {
          ...internalIcons,
          ...parsePackIcons({ faHandHoldingHeart })
        }
      }
    },
    methods: {
      toggleColorMode () {
        this.colorMode = this.colorMode === 'light' ? 'dark' : 'light'
      }
    }
  })
})
```

Now you can wrap your main application inside the Chakra `CThemeProvider` component by creating a layout wrapper in `theme/layouts/Layout.vue`.

```vue
<template>
  <CThemeProvider>
    <CReset />  <!-- NOTE: Resetting styles may have adverse effects on some themes -->
    <Layout />
  </CThemeProvider>
</template>

<script>
import { CThemeProvider, CReset } from '@chakra-ui/vue'
import Layout from '@parent-theme/layouts/Layout.vue'

export default {
  name: 'ChakraLayout',
  components: {
    CThemeProvider,
    CReset,
    Layout
  }
}
</script>
```


## Using Chakra components

_In your `App.vue` file._

```vue
<template>
  <c-box>
    <c-button>
      Chakra Consumed! ⚡️
    </c-button>
  </c-box>
</template>

<script lang="js">
import { CBox, CButton } from '@chakra-ui/vue'

export default {
  name: 'App',
  components: {
    CBox,
    CButton
  }
}
</script>
```

Commit message:

docs: update vuepress docs with codesandbox starter

website/pages/with-vuepress.mdx, after:

import SEO from '../components/SEO'
import { CodeGroup, CodeTab } from '~/components/code'

<SEO
  title="Using UI with Vuepress"
  description="Getting started with Chakra UI and Vuepress"
/>

# Usage with Vuepress

If you use Vuepress, you can extend your theme to install Chakra globally using Vuepress's [theme inheritance](https://vuepress.vuejs.org/theme/inheritance.html).

<carbon-ad />

## Installation

Install Chakra UI Vue and its peer dependency, `@emotion/css`

<br/>

<CodeGroup lang="bash">
  <CodeTab label="Yarn">
    yarn add @chakra-ui/vue @emotion/css
  </CodeTab>
  <CodeTab label="NPM">
    npm install @chakra-ui/vue @emotion/css
  </CodeTab>
</CodeGroup>

## Usage

### Extend Your Theme

First create a `theme` folder in your .vuepress directory and extend you Vuepress theme in your `theme/index.js` file.

```js
module.exports = {
  extend: '@vuepress/theme-default' // whichever vuepress theme you use
}
```

### Add Chakra's Global Mixins

Add the Chakra UI providers in your `theme/enhanceApp.js` file as shown.

```js
import Chakra, { internalIcons, defaultTheme, parsePackIcons } from '@chakra-ui/vue'
import { faHandHoldingHeart } from '@fortawesome/free-solid-svg-icons'

export default ({
  Vue, // the version of Vue being used in the VuePress app
  options, // the options for the root Vue instance
  router, // the router instance for the app
  siteData, // site metadata
  isServer // is this enhancement applied in server-rendering or client
}) => {
  Vue.use(Chakra)
  Vue.mixin({
    provide () {
      return {
        $chakraTheme: () => defaultTheme,
        $chakraColorMode: () => this.colorMode,
        $toggleColorMode: this.toggleColorMode,
        // icons must be parsed and spread into the icons provider to be available globally
        $chakraIcons: {
          ...internalIcons,
          ...parsePackIcons({ faHandHoldingHeart })
        }
      }
    },
    methods: {
      toggleColorMode () {
        this.colorMode = this.colorMode === 'light' ? 'dark' : 'light'
      }
    }
  })
}
```

Now you can wrap your main application inside the Chakra `CThemeProvider` component by creating a layout wrapper in `theme/layouts/Layout.vue`.

```vue
<template>
  <CThemeProvider>
    <CReset />  <!-- NOTE: Resetting styles may have adverse effects on some themes -->
    <Layout />
  </CThemeProvider>
</template>

<script>
import { CThemeProvider, CReset } from '@chakra-ui/vue'
import Layout from '@parent-theme/layouts/Layout.vue'

export default {
  name: 'ChakraLayout',
  components: {
    CThemeProvider,
    CReset,
    Layout
  }
}
</script>
```


## Using Chakra components

You can now use Chakra in your custom components for your theme in either your `theme/components` folder (available to other theme components),
or your `theme/global-components` folder (available to your markdown pages as well as other components).
Learn more about theme inheritance in the [Vuepress documentation](https://vuepress.vuejs.org/theme/inheritance.html#inheritance-strategy)

_In your `my-component.vue` file._

```vue
<template>
  <c-box>
    <c-button>
      Chakra Consumed! ⚡️
    </c-button>
  </c-box>
</template>

<script lang="js">
import { CBox, CButton } from '@chakra-ui/vue'

export default {
  name: 'MyComponent',
  components: {
    CBox,
    CButton
  }
}
</script>
```

### Vuepress Codesandbox Starters

Here's a link to sample component starter with Nuxt.js

- [Vuepress Starter](https://codesandbox.io/s/chakra-ui-vuepress-starter-qx4up)

### Storybook Components

You can also view all developed components in [Storybook](https://chakra-ui-vue.netlify.com)!
